Remove PWA installability requirement to have a Service Worker (#34127)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/tutorials/cycletracker/manifest_file/index.md

Supported manifest members are displayed, along with all included values. In this screenshot, while we did not include the `orientation` or `id` members, they are listed. The App panel can be used to see the manifest members and even learn: in this example, we learn that to specify an App Id that matches the current identity, set the `id` field to "/".

> ![Installability shows that because we don't have a service worker, our app is not an installable PWA. yet.](manifest_installability.jpg)

Reviewer: Please also delete the jpg from the repo.

## Up next

> To get the our PWA working offline, we need to [add a service worker](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Tutorials/CycleTracker/Service_workers), which we'll do without using a framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make our PWA work offline, we need to [add a service worker](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Tutorials/CycleTracker/Service_workers), which we'll do without using a framework.
```
